I don't know why I get so nervous around people.
I want to be more outgoing, but I'm just not that type of person.
Maybe I'm just too shy to be useful to Jehovah.
What was that scripture Alison commented on last night?
Philippians 317.
Unitedly become imitators of me, brothers, and keep your eye on those who are walking
in a way that is in harmony with the example we set for you.
Then she mentioned how scared she was to give talks, or even go door to door.
But then she found a good friend in the congregation.
By imitating her friend's seal, she eventually worked up the curse to start pioneering.
Maybe if I reach out to Alison, she could be that friend for me.